hi Rosie friends it's Julie and I
finally finally finally finally have the
chance to announce the giveaway that I
have been waiting to do since the
beginning of October which was when my
last giveaway ended I had such a good
time with that one and um I've since
done a video and asked you what you
actually wanted in a giveaway and thank
you so much to everybody who
participated I listened and you'll know
that I listened by when I start showing
you the things that are going to be in
this giveaway it includes a little bit
of everything on the comments said that
you like some cosmetic things some
skincare some kind of not things that
you apply to your face and stuff like
that so i just threw in a little bit of
everything and try to make it the
biggest one that I've ever the biggest
giveaway I've ever made so that it would
be just so much fun for everyone i hope
you'll participate i hope you will share
this with your friends and stuff so
maybe they'll have the chance to win too
and i hope you like what I chose um this
probably will not be my last giveaway I
have far too much fun doing it even just
picking out all the items that i'll be
including way way way too much fun to
just stop so yeah without further ado oh
the very first thing that I do want to
say is that today if you're watching
this on December first it is world aids
day so the first part of this giveaway
is going to be a donation made in your
name to a Canadian charity that is
focused on supporting AIDS patients and
furthering of research against that
disease I think that's very very very
important i will put information about
that in the description below so that is
actually the first item that is in the
giveaway but you won't find it in the
box because it will just be done in your
name um but yeah okay so where to start
I did not plan this out I think what
I'll service is um one of the most
popular items in the last giveaway that
I that I held was the cosmetics case the
makeup bag that actually surprised me i
didn't know that people would like
makeup bag so much i thought it was
adorable but like I didn't know that it
would be quite that that popular so I
went ahead and got another one this time
it is a makeup bag set
I find so so so cute there are three
bags but it's still sealed because it's
brand new so I can't actually open it up
to show you but there's an outer bag
that is kind of a plasticky stuff with
this adorable bow on it like that and I
just think that's so cute anyway and so
like the outer one is one of these
plasticize ones that's big so it's great
for things like shampoo bottles and
stuff like that it could leak and then
there is a bigger one here on the inside
so that's this one here it's pink with
black polka dots which i think is
absolutely adorable that would be what I
would put all of my cosmetics into and
then there's this little TC one at the
front that is the exact same as this
pink one it's just smaller so that would
be great for just chucking your lipstick
and maybe powder or something like that
that you'd want to touch up just like
chalk that into your purse so I think
this set is so so cute so that's why I
picked it up and it isn't you know the
pink from this year's so I felt that it
kind of matched the whole Rosie friends
theme so yeah this would the item number
1 i'm gonna try and go through the rest
of the items a lot faster because
there's a lot of it here as I said this
is I think my biggest one yet so in
order not to end up making this video a
half hour long I'm just gonna go through
them all and try and say something
really quickly about them all because we
all know that I can't shut up and make a
short video but I'll do my best okay so
um in terms of let's see okay cosmetics
I didn't want to go too far with that
because you know everybody has the wrong
kind of pallets and things like that and
you know if I put a lipstick that looks
great on me it might be ridiculous on
you I don't know what your taste is plus
some people like lip gloss some people
like lipstick see this is what I mean
that I just keep talking so what I
thought is well whirl Rosie friends so
the whole goal to a lot of our makeup is
not just you know lipsticks and things
like that but it's a cover redness so
what I did was I 2 concealers for myself
recently so I also just bought two of
each of them so for example yeah i got
this concealer here will i got another
one for you and the same goes for the
other one so i have this conceal it it's
a green stick concealer it's from
Queenie stuff
uh I don't know if you can see it it's
just like this it's basically a pale
green concealer I'm hoping that it will
go on under foundation and just take
down the redness I am wearing makeup
right now by the way so that's why my
skin looks a little more even that it
naturally does although it's doing
pretty well lately i'm looking forward
to updating my green light therapy the
last video for that because I'm finding
it very promising so I can't wait to
talk about that the other one which i
also bought from myself but that's and
I'll be testing it out but that I
thought I would just get an entire wheel
of the different concealers because some
people say green is good some people say
yellow is good on me green seems to be
the best but this gives everything so I
know darker skin tones do well with
orange so I thought I would just get a
little bit of everything so hey if you
want to do under your eyes you've got I
circles and things like that you've got
the entire packet here okay next maybe
I'll get into skin care stuff sorry my
hair is a little bit wet and it seems to
have kind of sunk in on the top and
fluffed out on the end but um there was
a request for masks so I just went crazy
I got myself a whole palla masks and I
bought the exact same masks for you too
so I'm hoping to try them out in future
videos so if you want to whoever the
winner is if you want to try them along
with me that'll be a lot of fun
otherwise I will just tell you what they
are here is a sweet honey 15-minute mask
pack this one is a sheet mask so I've
never done a sheet mask before and i
purchased a few of them so that would be
the sweet honey i have a green tea sheet
mask right here
I have a cucumber sheet mask um and oh
no sorry this yes sheet mask and every
single one of these is meant to be
gentle and soothing and basically it's
supposed to take out inflammation and
moisturize and things like that they
should all be very appropriate for
sensitive skin types I was focusing
personally on my rosacea these are all
things i have each and every one of
these for myself so i want to test
amount but that's why things like
cooling cucumber and a second cucumber
this one here because things like
cucumber aloe green tea honey those are
all just fantastic for our type of skin
so and then the final one is green tea
so I think there are 5 12 so 5 sheet
masks each of them different for you to
try i did not fan those out very nicely
see i will never be you know that game
show beauteous next also i thought i saw
this little color i know it's really
keen see but i saw this little thing i
don't know if this is picking up i can't
really see it in the screen behind my
camera but I saw this nail polish I
thought it was adorable so I just picked
it up to put it into the giveaway box as
well just because I thought it was
pretty so that's the only reason for
that one it's not anything special other
than I really liked the color in terms
of skincare I got this entire trial set
here let's just not have fuzzies on lint
on it but this entire set so this whole
trial said it's from ecological and it
includes a body wash a shampoo a
conditioner and a lotion so that's not
for your face because I am trying to be
very careful about what I put into the
giveaways for face you know the masks
are for sensitive skin and things like
that it's just everybody with rosacea
has a different thing that flares them
up and different things that irritates
them so i am trying to kind of spread
things out a little bit so here's the
full set of fair sample products from
ecological so i thought that might be a
lot of fun and i also got a
almond lip scrub it's an almond cream so
it looks like this and which ways up
here there we go so it looks like that
and basically it's just um you get a
little bit and you put on your lips I
thought winter is on its way dry cracked
peeling lips and that looks really weird
under lipstick if yours peel like my new
then it ends up with all these weird
like because all the little picky pieces
of skin like pick up the lipstick so you
get these weird dark picky things it
actually looks worse with lipstick on so
lip scrub to just kind of follow that
down before you either moisturize them
with a really good lip balm or put your
lipstick on so lip scrub getting ready
for winter um and the last skincare item
which I'm really really really excited
to share with you I've talked about this
so much about wine in my winter skincare
videos in fact um I'll actually put a
link to my most recent winter skincare
video which is from quite a few months
ago and it includes this and this is the
SBT sea buckthorn soothing self for
specific for rosacea and um I know some
people actually use this as basically
their nighttime moisturizer it is so
great for that kind of thing if you're
if you have the kind of rosacea that
your skin dries out and gets that kind
of hard scaly sections and stuff like
that this soaks right through that and
is exactly the coolant is soothing
moisturizing that can help but what I
use this for specifically is I walk dogs
and I walk dogs until it's minus 17
degrees Celsius which is i don't know- a
million fahrenheit and so um I put this
on my cheeks and everywhere because if I
put a scarf on it fogs up my glasses so
um I have to just use basically a lot of
skincare and things like that to try and
protect my skin from the cold and the
wind which um the cold in the wind are
serious triggers for me so the this
stuff here this is just the sample size
but this is a really sizable sample this
will last you quite a bit and I just if
you have rosacea or even if you just
have sensitive or dry skin you will love
this you just put a teensy little bit of
it on
and your skin can stand up to very cold
and very windy weather without getting
like horribly irritated and dry so love
love love this stuff can't wait to share
it with you okay and now some of the
items that are not actually to be stuck
on to your body I recently seen the help
of rosy friends like you discovered the
world of blending sponges I have a bunch
of them now see there are two of them
here and I just I bought another one for
myself so I decided to buy one for you
too it's still brand new in in here so
i'm not going to open it up and take it
out and touch your beauty sponge but yep
so it's basically like this one but in
pink and so I got that for you because
if you are applying foundation this is
great for getting a really even coverage
absolutely love it can't thank you guys
enough for suggesting this to me and
also you know that I am a little bit
crazy about keeping all of my brushes
and things like that clean this won't
work for the Beauty Blender sponge
itself but I have one of these little
egg cleaning things I bought it for
myself and I bought it for you so I'll
actually i'll open mind and show you
what it looks like but it's basically
this this little egg it goes on your
fingers and while you're cleaning your
brushes that's got this kind of rough
side n it's got these little dots that
helps to really give it a good this
one's clean so it gives it a good little
scrubby through like that so that when
you're washing it you can actually
really get in there and clean it all out
because the last thing that you want to
do is reapply old makeup or bacteria to
your sensitive skin anyway so yep so
this one's mine that's open what do they
do with it here's your still in the
package so yep helping you to keep your
brushes clean and because you know this
is this is my symbol this is what makes
me happy it's the symbol of the rosy
friends I thought I would just get a
gigantic really cute hair clipped as I
saw that just reminded me of it it's a
an enormous rose hair clip so I just
think this is so so so cute and so I
thought I would just toss that in there
too because it's fun and sometimes
that's the only reason that we need to
do
okay finally the last thing that I'm
kind of really excited about I used this
a lot in the creation of some of the
recipes that are going to be in my
upcoming cookbook I will let you know
more about that as i know but it is
coming along i'm hoping it will be out
soon but there is so much formatting
that goes into this I had no idea how
much formatting we go it's written it's
all done it just needs to be laid out
and that is quite the experience I'm
learning a lot it's exciting and it's
fun but i'm so impatient but um yeah
it's this it is a part of a huge food
trend that's going on right now and I
can see why because I use mine
constantly I now have two different ones
and this is a vegetable spiralizer so
basically you can put like a zucchini in
there and just twist it and it comes out
of this little kind of thingy here in
these big long spaghetti noodles and I
can completely replace pasta with
zucchini it tastes really good it takes
really really really good and it tastes
good with you know tomato sauce or oil
based sauces or anything like that so
you can really switch it up I have a
hard time with a lot of flour especially
white flour based products so pasta and
I don't always get along sometimes I can
do the whole rain pasto when it's a
really good whole rain paso which I
absolutely love but now I can just throw
in things like zucchini and that I can
get away with and it is so yummy and so
filling and that helps you to skip a
whole pile of triggers if you have them
so i thought i would throw in this
veggie spiralizer because i love mine it
helps me to keep up with a rosy
lifestyle or rosacea friendly lifestyle
and so um yep if I'm living the rosy
life I need to have one of these in my
kitchen yes you can just cut it up with
a knife but this is a lot more fun and
it's a lot faster so yeah um I think
that's everything I don't think I've
missed anything if I did then I will
write it on the screen somewhere right
now but yep so all this and a donation
in your name to an AIDS charity and in
honor of world aids day today and so I
hope you liked everything I picked out I
did keep all of your comments in mind as
I selected everything i had so much fun
choosing it all on your behalf i really
liked the the inspiration you gave me in
your calm
chance to include items not just to for
example specifically for covering your
skin or doing that kind of thing but to
to kind of branch off to the full Rosie
life you know from food to just like
just keeping great your brushes clean to
let the little hairdo we that I picked
up with the big flower you know this one
it's a little rose on it but yeah so I
just thought that was so much fun thank
you for sharing this with me um I hope
you like this giveaway and I hope you
will share it with your friends to be
because it would be great to have the
kind of participation we saw the last
time that was a blast let's see to
participate I can only make it for
Canada in the United States just because
this is a really big one and so shipping
is very very very expensive for me and
I'm paying it up this is none of this is
sponsored not a single part of it so I
am paying all of this myself and I'm a
writer so I'm not rich but if you're in
Canada the United States age 18 or older
please participate please tell your
friends so they can participate too this
is absolutely free I will never ask you
for money not even for shipping or
anything if somebody contacts you and
asks you for money that wasn't me don't
pay attention to them the only thing
that I will ask you for is your mailing
address if you win to be able to
participate please subscribe to this
channel that way I can contact you if
you win please like this video like this
video as well if you just want to tell
me that you actually did like this video
and that you like the things that I
picked out for this giveaway and that
you would like another giveaway in the
future I will be doing more
international giveaways like I've done
in the past with it will be slightly
smaller that way it'll be affordable for
me to ship them but for this one because
it's huge it's got to just be candid in
the US the dates so today is December
first if you're watching this on the
very first day of this video and it will
run all the way until December 31st so
it is the entire length of december i
will pick the winner as I usually do
with a random name generator thingy on
my computer I will film that so you know
that it is completely random so I can't
be swayed with comments and I will do
that shortly after right in the new year
so that we can start the new year off
with a winning video
and then send off the gifts to the
giveaway to whoever won also just so
that I do know that you want to
participate participate in the giveaway
please leave a comment below and let's
well it worked really really well the
last time to just let me know which item
in the entire giveaway you found the
most appealing the one you're most
excited about I know they're all pretty
great but um please just choose one that
just lets me know what what really made
you excited about winning this so that
way I'll know what kind of things people
like the most and that way I can do more
of those ones in the future so I do
actually use that information so that i
can do like really awesome stuff later
on and get get more awesome of time goes
on so yeah so to participate e to please
like this video subscribe to my channel
just so that i can contact you and you
know because you want to see my future
videos of course and please leave a
comment saying which of these items that
i just finished showing you was the one
that made you the most excited to win so
good luck to everybody i can't wait to
see what you thought was the the most
exciting and all these items that really
really interest me and i look forward to
seeing you in future videos so don't
forget to like and subscribe I make new
videos every Sunday and Thursday it does
it's matt i will see you next time